This is the changelog, all modifications I made, I make and I will make in the project, and all my problems with solutions or not. Maybe is more a diary....


8 June 2016 :
I begin the adventure ! I want to make an RPG game, I don't know yet what I will make.
Maybe something like pokemon with creature to train and to fight.



10 June 2016 :
I create the classes, and their attributes and methods.
classes :
the map and the tile. it's the field where the characters move. the map is 2 dimension matrix, with a x-y axis (x is the horizontal axis, directed to the right, and y is the vertical axis, directed to the bottom).
the tile is all the square, with an entity.

An entity is all the objects we will find in the game. Like the main character itself, but also the other characters, and object like tree, building, lake, river, and so on....
For now, I create only 2 types of entity, the null_entity (which can be compared to nothing, I think i will replace it by the ground) and the character.
An entity have a attribute type, Null_entity have the type null_entity and Character the type charac. It's used for determind the type of an entity by the tile (which can know the type of an entity only by this attribute).
an entity have also two attributes posX and posY, which are the positions in the map (the number to access in the matrix).
I affect an attribute life in the Character class, but I don't know if this attribute  will stay in the future.

Now, there is a problem....I want to create a function to move a Character.... But an entity can't move (null_entity can't be allowec to move !), and Tile have an attribute of type Entity, not Character... 
So i can't call a function "move" in Character class beacause Tile have an Entity, not a Character... Like "Who wants to be a millionaire", I will call a friend !



14 June 2016
I tried to cast the attribute entity to a Character but... it doesn't work like dat....
I change the constructor of Map class, and instead of create a Null_entity in every Tile, then change a type of the entity to Character in one tile, I decided to create Tile with Null_entity unless one Tile which
is a Character. Now, the movement seems to work fine.... I say "seems" because, while I'm debuging the program, the map is changed like I want (the tile of the character move up if I press the Z key, and the tile
where is before become an null_entity tile), but the circle (which represent the character) don't move.... 
In the paint function of Qt, I tell him to make a blue circle only when the tile have a character entity, so as I said before, the map is correctly changed, so the blue circle should be on the tile above....
Maybe I should repaint all the window in white, then recolor all the tile....



15 June 2016
I tried to fix the problem with the paint event (with the blue ball which not move when I said to move...)
Not solve yet, but I created some Set and Get function which can be usefull. I solved a problem I didn't see yesterday, the position of the entity and of the rectangle was not update when I moved the tiles.
But... But... The blue circle DON'T Move and I don't know why !! It's like I can color the window only one time...

Finally done with it ! I just forget the 'repaint()' function after the movement is done. Now, I want to create a main_character, which he can move by the ZQSD key, anywhere he is in the map.
The main character is created by the map Constructor. I have to set the character main_character in a tile in the map. But the attribute of the tile is an Entity.
I want to find a way to set the entity, whatever the subclass of Entity (character, null_entity, or a future subclass)



16 June 2016
In fact the problem was a pointer problem.... Anyway, I managed to move the character in the 4 directions !! And he can't move outside the map.







